README.md, before:

# BoilerPlate-LazyloadRouter
Boiler plate of lazy loading using angular 2 router

This project was generated with [angular-cli](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.0.0-beta.24.

## Development server
Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive/pipe/service/class/module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Deploying to Github Pages

Run `ng github-pages:deploy` to deploy to Github Pages.

## Further help

To get more help on the `angular-cli` use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular-CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

aot  build mode added in readme

README.md, after:

# BoilerPlate-LazyloadRouter
Boiler plate of lazy loading using angular 2 router

This project was generated with [angular-cli](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.0.0-beta.24.

## Development server
Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive/pipe/service/class/module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.
Use flag aot `ng build --aot --prod` to build project with ahead of time compiler, makes scripts size smaller. (https://blog.nrwl.io/angular-is-aot-worth-it-8fa02eaf64d4#.3m61uqkdj)

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Deploying to Github Pages

Run `ng github-pages:deploy` to deploy to Github Pages.

## Further help

To get more help on the `angular-cli` use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular-CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
